PROJECT FILE: wtt-singapore-smash-2025.html
PAGE TITLE: WTT Singapore Smash 2025 — KIN
META DESC: How KIN delivered Asia's premier table tennis event at Singapore Sports Hub, setting new benchmarks in fan engagement, operational excellence, and sustainable event management.

HERO IMAGE: WTT-25_Resized-01.jpg
HERO TITLE: WTT Singapore Smash
HERO SUBTITLE: Asia's Premier Table Tennis Event

EYEBROW: Beyond event management
INTRO HEADLINE: Setting new benchmarks in fan engagement and event execution
INTRO BODY:
  As the appointed project management agency for WTT Singapore Smash 2025,
  KIN took on the challenge of delivering one of Asia's premier table tennis
  events. Our mission extended beyond traditional event management — we were
  tasked with creating an unparalleled sporting experience that would set new
  benchmarks in fan engagement and event execution.

  WTT's objectives were clear: deliver state-of-the-art audio-visual
  experiences, build the best fan experience in sports events, and create an
  environment that serves both fans and players seamlessly. Starting in August
  2024, our team developed a comprehensive strategy across infrastructure,
  operations, and sustainability.

STATS: (up to 4)
  - [TBC] / [no hard stats on the KIN page — you may want to source these]

CAROUSEL IMAGES:
  WTT-25_Resized-01.jpg
  WTT-25_Resized-02.jpg
  WTT-25_Resized-03.jpg
  WTT-25_Resized-04.jpg
  WTT-25_Resized-05.jpg
  WTT-25_Resized-06.jpg

SIDEBAR TITLE: Turning spectators into participants
CLIENT: WTT Singapore Smash
DATE: 30 Jan – 9 Feb 2025
LOCATION: Singapore Sports Hub

BODY:
  ### Infrastructure and Experience Design
  KIN conceptualised and implemented innovative elements to distinguish
  WTT Singapore Smash 2025 from previous editions. The introduction of
  self-service fan booths and free-to-play tables was a strategic decision
  to transform passive spectators into engaged participants. Working with
  trusted partners — A-media, DMC, and Mediapix — every touchpoint reflected
  the event's premium positioning.

  ### Operational Excellence
  Anticipating record attendance, KIN implemented robust crowd management
  systems. The team worked closely with WTT and venue management to handle
  the significant increase in patron numbers compared to previous years.
  This collaborative approach proved crucial in managing many sold-out
  sessions and ensuring timely seating arrangements for all attendees.

  ### Sustainable Event Management
  Environmental responsibility was integrated into planning from day one.
  KIN made conscious decisions to use green ink for branding materials and
  repurposed carpentry elements from previous years — demonstrating a
  commitment to sustainable event management without compromising on quality
  or experience.

  ### Rising to the Challenge
  When faced with larger-than-expected crowds, the team implemented efficient
  seating protocols that ensured smooth crowd flow without compromising the
  guest experience. The addition of a Player Party to this year's programme
  required careful integration into the existing event framework while
  maintaining focus on core deliverables.

  ### Key Learnings
  The success of WTT Singapore Smash 2025 provided valuable insights for
  future large-scale sporting events: the importance of staying adaptable
  to emerging trends, the value of going beyond standard service
  expectations, and the benefits of integrating sustainable practices from
  the planning stage.

SERVICES:
  - Event Planning & Management
  - Design, Production & Build
  - Logistics, Operation & Furnishing
  - Audio-Visual System & Show Presentation

KIN TARGETS:
  Leveraging on state-of-the-art audio-visual and implementing innovative
  elements to create the best fans and players environment.
